<DOC>
<DOCNO>D2438208</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
http://www.disabled-world.com/disability/insurance/claims/filing-claim.php
Filing a Claim for Disability Benefits - What You Need to Know
A - A +Filing a Claim for Disability Benefits - What You Need to Know
Home Disability Information Insurance Disability Insurance Claims
Published: 2011-01-26 (Revised/Updated 2013-06-15) : Author: Frankel & Newfield
Synopsis: Frequently asked questions claim mistakes and explains the process of filing a claim for disability benefits.
Main Document"Group disability income policies (usually governed by ERISA) have an internal appeals process when an adverse decision has been made on your claim.
"This article will highlight frequently asked questions and frequent claim mistakes as well as explain the process of filing a claim for disability benefits, the issues that often arise during the claim process, and potential problems that must be avoided in order to successfully maintain a claim for disability benefits.
Claimants going through this process for the first time can be overwhelmed by its complexity.
Here are some of the more frequently asked questions about the process.
When must I file my disability claim
Most policies require that "proof of loss" be provided shortly after a claim occurs (typically 60 to 90 days).
There is also a Notice of Claim provision in many policies, whereby a claimant is required to notify the insurer that a claim exists.
This can often be as short as 20 days from the occurrence of the disability.
Careful attention to the policy language is critical.
What role does my physician play in my claim for disability
The physician is vital to the success of the claim.
They are able to provide the clinical and objective support for the claim and the associated restrictions and limitations in functionality which will allow the insurer to understand why a claimant cannot work.
Working closely with the physician in the claim process can be the difference in the claim's success or failure.
How much information should I give my disability insurance carrier
Only as much as is necessary to support the claim.
We take the cynical view that the insurer is seeking information to be utilized to deny or terminate benefits.
Thus, we are careful in providing responses to informational requests from the insurer.
Do you need to suffer a loss of income to collect disability income payments
Usually, if you are unable to perform the substantial and material duties of your occupation, then you do not need to suffer a loss of income in order to qualify for disability benefits.
Under many of these same policies, if you are only residually disabled, as opposed to totally disabled, then you must generally suffer a percentage loss of pre-disability income as defined in the policy.
Where the claim is total disability, the eligibility for benefits is determined by a loss of ability to perform work duties.
What are my remedies if my claim is denied or terminated
Group disability income policies (usually governed by ERISA) have an internal appeals process when an adverse decision has been made on your claim.
If an appeal determination is unfavorable to you, and you have exhausted your administrative processes, you may proceed to the appropriate court having jurisdiction of your claim.
Private policies of insurance do not require internal appeals, and you can pursue litigation or other dispute resolution mechanisms immediately.
Claimants often believe that managing their own disability claim is a simple process.
All too often, however, the insurer will take advantage of an unrepresented claimant - and the claim will get denied, terminated or negatively impacted.
Here are some examples of why engaging counsel at the beginning of the process is wise.
LTD Claim Mistakes Scenario 1Long term disability insurance claimant submits claim form or gives an interview to the insurer without fully understanding the significance of the statements made.
The insurance company utilizes these admissions as reasons for denying claim.
Example: What are all of the activities you perform at your job?
Answer: As a podiatrist, I perform surgery, and I sometimes assist the other podiatrists in their procedures, and submit insurance claims and pay bills.
Problem: The insurer now deems this disabled podiatrist residually or partially disabled, because he/she can perform administrative functions as well as be a "podiatrist assistant.
"At Frankel & Newfield, P.
C., we guide you through the long term disability claim process, so that the insurer does not determine your occupational duties, we do.
LTD Claim Mistakes Scenario 2Claimant's Attending Physician completes claim form without understanding the definition of disability contained in the long term disability insurance policy.
The insurance company utilizes this information to deny the claim, gaining plausible rationales from your own physician.
At Frankel & Newfield, P.
C., we collaborate with the Attending Physician to ensure that they understand the claimant's occupational requirements and restrictions and limitations of the claimant.
LTD Claim Mistakes Scenario 3Claimant attends an IME (Independent Medical Examination) that is anything but independent, or appears for a Functional Capacity Evaluation (FCE) at the request of the insurer.
The report prepared by the physician (paid by the insurer or their agent), indicates no limitations on returning to work.
The insurer utilizes this report to deny the claim.
At Frankel & Newfield, P.
C., our clients appear at IME's and FCE's only after significant negotiations with the insurer regarding the examiner, the testing to be conducted and the scope of the examination.
In addition, we often appear at these examinations with our clients to protect their rights.
LTD Claim Mistakes Scenario 4Claimant fails to engage counsel early enough in the process.
Often, effective assistance of counsel at the outset of a long term disability claim can prevent many delays in claims processing which would otherwise occur due to a Claimant's often lack understanding of the long term disability claims process.
Insurers rely on the relative inexperience of Claimants in order to manipulate and delay the claims process.
Many times, administrative appeals are available to Claimants, which, if skillfully used, can lead to getting the claim approved.
If the appeals process is not used properly, this can lead to an irreversible claims denial.
Under no circumstance should a Claimant pursue an appeal without legal counsel.
Although it should go without saying, a Claimant's request for appeal without submitting documentation proving disability under the policy terms is worthless.
A Claimant's reliance on the insurer to "review" a denial by requesting an appeal without fully documenting the long term disability claim is nothing less than an opportunity to rubber stamp the original denial and force litigation.
While these are some of the common issues faced by claimants in the process of applying for and receiving disability benefits, there are a number of other issues that are commonly seen.
Should a claim issue arise, view it from a cynical perspective and try to anticipate the impact of any statements provided or information conveyed.
The information provided in this publication is intended to be for informational purposes only.
It is not intended, nor should it be used, as a substitute for legal advice or opinion which can only be rendered when related to a specific fact situation, and on an individual basis.
Information supplied by Justin C. Frankel, Esq.
and Jason A. Newfield, P.
C. founders of Frankel & Newfield, a national law firm focusing on disability insurance claims and litigation.
Their web site is www.frankelnewfield.com
Similar Topics1 : Kentucky Court Overturn's Liberty Life's Denial Of Mental Illness Claim and Awards Claimant Long Term Disability Benefits : Attorneys Dell & Schaefer.2 : Doctors and Medical Professionals Must Know What to Expect when Applying for Disability Insurance Benefits : Disability Attorneys Dell & Schaefer.3 : Cigna May Have to Pay Wrongfully Denied Disability Benefits : Gregory Michael Dell.4 : An ERISA Disability Appeal Must Be Filed Timely or You Will Have No Right to Sue : Disability Attorneys Dell & Schaefer.5 : Unemployment Benefits and Social Security Disability Claims : Katz, Friedman, Eagle, Eisenstein, Johnson & Bareck.
From our Disability Insurance Claims section - Full List  (32 Items)

</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>D2598071</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
http://www.davewilson.com/product-information-commercial/product/white-nectarines
Nectarines, White
— COMMERCIAL CATALOG —Nectarines, White
Tree fruit varieties offered by Dave Wilson Nursery are selected for their appearance, firmness, good shipping characteristics and desirable flesh quality.
Approximate ripening dates (for the Fresno, California area), chilling requirements and patent information are listed for each variety along with any special traits.
White Nectarine Maturity Chart
Fruit & Nut Maturity Chart 2017 (full chart)White Nectarine Brief View
Growers: ask your sales rep about new varieties and experimentals from Zaiger Genetics.
Symbols: see bottom of page
Arctic Belle White Nectarine
A heavy producer of very firm white nectarines, the Arctic Belle selection features a very sweet, low-acid flavor.
This freestone ripens in the 2nd to 3rd week of July with large-sized fruit (2-5/8" to 3").
The Arctic Belle exhibits some russeting, but offers appealing overall skin color (mottled red over a white background color).
The tree is self-fertile and requires 900 to 1000 hours of winter chilling.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
10479)Arctic Blaze White Nectarine
Blazing with rich flavor, the Arctic Blaze white nectarine has claimed high scores in taste tests at Dave Wilson Nursery.
This clingstone nectarine ripens in the 1st week of August with large-sized (2-7/8" to 3") firm fruit, but it can be difficult to crop.
The beautiful Arctic Blaze presents high skin color (70%-80% red over a white background) and low acid for a sweet flavor.
This self-fertile nectarine requires 750 to 850 hours of winter chilling.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
10174)Arctic Jay White Nectarine
In 1996, Arctic Jay scored highest of all fruits in a blind taste test here at Dave Wilson Nursery.
This freestone white-fleshed nectarine is richly flavored with a nice balance of acid and sugar.
Ripening in the 1st to 2nd week of July, Arctic Jay sizes well (2-5/8" to 3") and colors almost completely (80% 90% red over white background).
This self-fertile nectarine requires 900 to 1000 hours of winter chilling.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
9908)Arctic Mist White Nectarine
The Arctic Mist nectarine is a late season treat ripening in the 2nd to 3rd week of September.
The freestone white-fleshed fruit features large size (2-5/8" to 3-1/4"), and moderate skin color (40%-50% red blush over white).
This self-fertile nectarine requires 750 to 850 hours of winter chilling.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
10919)Arctic Pride White Nectarine
Alone in its mid-August harvest window, the Arctic Pride is an excellent white-fleshed nectarine.
Arctic Pride is a heavy producer of large, clingstone fruit (sized 2-5/8" to 3-1/4") that offers fabulous low-acid sweetness and abundant red skin color (70%-85% red over white).
800 to 900 hours of winter chilling required.
Arctic Queen White Nectarine
Rich with flavor, the Arctic Queen white-fleshed nectarine ripens in the 3rd to 4th week of July with moderate size (2-5/8" to 2-7/8") and mottled red over white skin color.
The freestone flesh of Arctic Queen is low in acid yielding a delicious, sweet flavor.
Self-fertile, requires 900 to 1000 hours of winter chilling.
Arctic Rose White Nectarine
Arctic Rose is a delightful nectarine that can be picked firm for a unique, crunchy, tasty sensation.
The bright red fruit has a creamy-green background color and pure white freestone flesh.
Arctic Rose ripens in the 1st week of July with moderate size (2-7/16" to 2-7/8") and delicious, super-sweet flavor.
Very firm, it is an excellent shipper.
900 to 1000 hours of winter chilling required.
Arctic Snow White Nectarine
The quality standard for late white nectarines, Arctic Snow ripens from the last week of August to 1st week of September.
The freestone Arctic Snow fruit sizes well (2-7/8" to 3-1/4") with a unique skin color (50%-60% red blush over lime white).
This low-acid, sweet variety is a heavy producer and an excellent shipper.
900 to 1000 hours of winter chilling required.
Arctic Star White Nectarine
The early-blooming Arctic Star nectarine ripens from the last week of May to the 1st week of June.
This semi-freestone white-fleshed nectarine receives high scores in taste tests due to its low acid flavor and non-melting flesh.
Arctic Star catches the eye with beautiful dark red skin (80% color) and good size (2-5/8" to 3").
Self-fertile, 550 to 650 hours of winter chilling required.
Arctic Sweet White Nectarine
Arctic Sweet is a highly-colored nectarine with very sweet, white flesh.
Ripening in the 2nd week of June following Arctic Star, the clingstone fruit exhibits good size (2-5/8" to 3") and impressive skin color (80-90% bright red over white).
The tree is vigorous and productive.
Self-fertile, 800 to 900 hours of winter chilling required.
Pearl Time White Nectarine
Nearly full red in skin color, Pearl Time nectarine features very firm white flesh with a very sweet sub-acid flavor, typically 18 to 22 brix.
The fruit is uniformly medium in size and semi-freestone when shipping ripe.
The tree is very productive.
Harvest is mid to late June and the fruit stores well for three weeks.
Estimated chilling requirement 500 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
22471)Polar Gem White Nectarine
Polar Gem is very similar to its relative, Polar Zee, with a mild sub-acid flavor.
This variety ripens in mid June and has white flesh and very appealing red skin.
Harvest begins about June 11th.
Estimated chilling requirement 650 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
27627)Polar Kist White Nectarine
Polar Kist, a delicious, white-fleshed clingstone nectarine, is second in demand only to Polar Snow among nectarines for planting in the 2016-17 season.
Its ripening time, around May 20th, is ideal for growers wanting an early-harvest variety.
Estimated chilling requirement 500 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
27789)Polar Light White Nectarine
Maturing in the last two weeks of May, the Polar Light white nectarine holds firm on the tree 8-10 days after maturity.
This clingstone fruit features firm, white flesh with smooth, crack-resistant skin, sweet, low-acid flavor and a full red blush.
The self-fertile Polar Light tree is a heavy and regular bearer of very large fruit (up to 3-1/4”) and features a low winter chilling requirement of approximately 250 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
16858)Polar Magic White Nectarine
Polar Magic is similar to the other Polar nectarine varieties with its beautiful red skin and white flesh.
Its most outstanding trait however, is a powerful taste that can't be beat.
Ripens around May 27th.
Estimated chilling requirement 650 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
27626)Polar Snow White Nectarine
For 2016-17 planting, Polar Snow is the nectarine variety in highest demand.
White-fleshed with red skin, this variety is very vigorous in its growth and production.
It has a sweet sub-acid flavor and ripens late July to early August.
Estimated chilling requirement 800 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
27450)Polar Zee White Nectarine
Polar Zee is a white fleshed clingstone nectarine with red skin.
This variety produces very well and has wonderful flavor in every bite.
Harvest is early midseason, beginning about June 2nd.
Estimated chilling requirement 700 hours.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
27520)Spice
Zee Interspecific White Nectarine
The Spice
Zee interspecific white nectarine (one-eighth plum) is unforgettable for its unique skin color and amazing flavor.
Spice
Zee has meaty white freestone flesh with a wonderful spicy-sweet flavor that yields to a tangy aftertaste reminiscent of plum.
At farmers-market ripeness, the smooth, crack-resistant skin has a nearly full maroon blush with a small amount of mottling.
Ripening in the third week of July, this exceptional interspecific variety is self-fruitful and very productive.
(U.
S. Plant Patent No.
13503)White Nectarine Maturity Chart
White Nectarine Brief View
Packing Variety, recommended for new plantings in the Fresno area.
Within their harvest season, these varieties have demonstrated superior overall quality with respect to size, color, firmness, flavor, yield, storage and shipping.
Used for apricot, cherry, nectarine, peach, plum and interspecific fruit types.
Farmers Market Favorite™: varieties that have demonstrated, where adapted, consistent production of especially desirable, high-flavored fruit for local farmers market/fruit stand distributiion.
Zaiger Variety: developed by Zaiger's Inc. Genetics of Modesto, California.
Dave Wilson Nursery is the exclusive U.
S. licensor and primary propagator.
Note: Fruit and nut varieties in the Commercial Catalog are offered exclusively to commercial growers in commercial quantities for the purpose of commercial fruit and nut production.
Products in this catalog are not offered for resale.

</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>D987833</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
http://blog.hobbycraft.co.uk/how-to-make-pom-pom-cushions/
How to Make Pom Pom Cushions
How to Make Pom Pom Cushions
I absolutely love pom poms, and since discovering the Clover Pom Pom Maker I’ve not stopped making them!
The nifty little gadget makes it so much quicker making poms that you’ll have the sixteen needed to make these pom pom cushions done in no time!
The great thing with making pom poms is that you don’t need to use an expensive wool/yarn to make beautiful poms, I used wool/yarn from the Women’s Institute Premium Acrylic range, and the large ball sizes meant that I had plenty of wool left over for other projects
Skill level : Beginner to intermediate
Allow : Around three hours
The following is for making an 18-inch cushion cover.
You Will Need
Craft Essentials
How to Make
Shop the project
Shop online to order everything you need to complete this project.
Pom pom maker >>Yarn pack >>Janome 2032 >>Cushion insert >>Fat quarters >>Add to Basket
Shop Sewing
What do you think of this post?2 2Comments and Discussion
Firefox
Chrome
Internet Explorer 11+Safari
May 6, 2014 in Sewing by Aisha Cluitt
Other posts you might enjoy
Craft Ideas
How to Make a Floral Felt Brooch
Craft Ideas
How to Make Mickey Mouse Drawstring Bags
Sewing
How to Make a Round Bag Using Bosal Foam
Craft Ideas
How to Make Camel Bunting
Craft Ideas50 Sewing Projects for Beginners
Craft Ideas
How to Screen Print a Pennant Flag Using Mod Podge
Craft Ideas
How to Make a Realistic Felted Bunny
Craft Ideas
How to Make a Sprocket Cushion
Craft Ideas
How to Sew Baby Bloomers and Matching Headband
Craft Ideas
How to Make a Flora and Fauna Quilt
Sewing
How to Make Mini Felted Bunny Decorations
Sewing
How to Make Three Valentine’s Mini Quilts< >#Hobbycraft
Make it, Share it!+ + + +VIEW GALLERY ADD A PHOTOPowered by Olapic

</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>D248921</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
https://wa.kaiserpermanente.org/healthAndWellness/?item=/common/healthAndWellness/pregnancy/newborn/newbornCare.html
Taking Care of Your Baby in the First Few Weeks
Taking Care of Your Baby in the First Few Weeks
Skin to Skin: Comforting Your Baby
Holding your baby on your chest is the best place for your baby to adjust to the outside world.
Babies held skin to skin cry less, are calmer, and stay warmer.
Holding your baby near you this way also stimulates your breast milk production.
This position is good for both breastfed and bottle-fed babies.
Start doing this as soon as possible after your baby is born.
To cuddle your baby skin to skin, dress her only in a diaper and lay her belly-down directly on your chest with her face turned to either side.
Place a blanket over both of you, making sure it does not cover your baby's face.
Babies can also cuddle skin to skin with mom in a side lying position.
Lay with your lower arm extended forward, creating a protected space for your baby below your arm and near your breast for easy breastfeeding.
Snuggle your baby this way as often as possible, especially during the first weeks home from the hospital.
Partners can also hold the baby skin to skin.
Jaundice
What it is All babies are born with extra red blood cells.
After birth, the extra red blood cells break down and release a substance called bilirubin in the baby's blood.
When there is too much bilirubin in the blood, the baby becomes jaundiced and her skin looks yellow.
Jaundice also causes your baby to be sleepy and she may not feed well.
Your baby gets rid of bilirubin in her stools.
When your baby is feeding well, she will have frequent stools that will remove bilirubin from her system.
Why it is important It's very important to watch your baby for jaundice during the first week home.
Most newborns become a little jaundiced — this is normal.
However, some babies will have a higher level of jaundice that is more serious and requires monitoring or phototherapy treatment.
Untreated jaundice that becomes too high may cause brain damage.
When a baby has jaundice, you will see it (yellowish color) first in the face and as it increases, you will see it on the baby's chest, tummy, and legs.
You may also notice that the white area of your baby's eyes look yellow.
Your nurse will do a skin test with a bilimeter to check your baby for jaundice before you go home after delivery.
If it is elevated, the doctor will order a blood test.
Once you go home, continue to watch your baby for jaundice.
Pay attention to skin color changes, alertness, feeding, and stooling.
What to do Hold your baby in natural light in front of a window and notice the color of her skin as you press down on her nose, chest, and thighs.
If your baby is of light complexion, notice whether the skin looks yellow instead of creamy-white under where you pressed.
If your baby has a naturally darker complexion, color changes may be more subtle.
Look at your baby's eyes and check to see if the white area looks yellow.
Encourage your baby to eat often.
Breast milk contains colostrum, which has a laxative effect.
Frequent breastfeedings starting at birth will help your baby get rid of bilirubin in her stools.
When your baby does not pass her meconium stools, the bilirubin can build up in her system causing the jaundice to increase.
Most jaundice typically goes away in one to two weeks; however, some babies will need phototherapy to treat the jaundice.
If your baby's skin looks yellow, if she is sleepy and/or not feeding well (8 to 12 feedings per day) or stooling well (at least 2 to 4 stools per day by day 4), call your baby's doctor.
He or she will do a blood test to measure the bilirubin level and decide if your baby needs phototherapy.
Sleep Positions
When you put your baby down to sleep, the safest position is on her back.
Sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS) has declined more than 50 percent since babies started sleeping on their backs instead of their tummies.
Place your baby on her back on a firm, flat mattress in the crib.
Dress your baby in an extra nighttime sleeper for warmth rather than covering her with loose blankets.
Using a single swaddling blanket is OK.
Do not put pillows or toys in the baby's bed that could cover her face.
Having a fan turned on in your baby's room may also be helpful in lowering the risk of SIDS for your baby.
The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends babies sleep in their own bed or a co-sleeper bed near you.
If your baby does sleep with you, lay down in a side-lying position with your lower arm extended forward creating a protected area for your baby below your arm.
Your arm will prevent you or your partner from rolling over onto your baby.
Turn your baby onto her back and make sure no blankets cover the baby.
There shouldn't be any space between the bed and the wall or headboard that your baby could slip through.
It is important that you do not smoke, drink alcohol, or take other drugs because these activities are associated with a higher risk of injury for your baby while sleeping with you.
Tummy Time
Your baby should have "tummy time" every day.
Place your baby on her tummy when she is awake and someone is watching her.
Tummy time gives your baby the chance to lift and turn her head.
This strengthens her neck and shoulder muscles so she can learn to hold her head and roll over.
It also helps to prevent flat spots on the back of the baby's head.
Umbilical Cord Care
Your baby's umbilical cord will dry up and fall off within 1 to 3 weeks.
During this time, keep the area around the cord clean and dry.
It is fine to bathe your baby during this time.
Simply dry the area around the cord after bathing.
Your baby's belly button will be drawn deep into the abdomen by the cord drying.
Don't worry if it doesn't look like a normal belly button during the healing period.
You can only tell what it is going to look like after the cord falls off.
As the cord dries, you may notice an odor.
This is normal and not a problem.
Also, as the cord is coming off, there may be dried blood at the site, or oozing, the same as when a scab comes off.
This is also normal and may last 3 to 4 days.
After the cord falls off, you may see dried blood left inside the belly button, which you can wash off gently with warm water.
Infection in the cord area is very rare.
If the cord is infected, it will be tender when you touch it, be swollen or have a large area of redness around it, or there will be pus coming out of the site.
If you think the cord is infected, call your doctor’s office.
Temperature
Your baby wants to be at a comfortable temperature, just as you do.
It is possible for a baby to be too hot or too cold.
If your baby is held up against your body, he will absorb warmth, just as you would, so he or she probably won’t need any extra layers of clothing or blankets.
If your baby is lying on a bed, she will need more layers of clothing to stay warm.
Newborns have very small bodies, and don’t produce much heat themselves, but they readily absorb heat when they are held.
If your baby is too hot, he or she may perspire.
Check your baby's hairline or the back of his neck to make sure he is not sweating.
If your baby is too cold, his skin may feel cool.
Babies who are dressed and swaddled, or who have hats on and mittens covering their hands, can be too hot.
Check your baby's temperature if you have any questions.
It's best to take an infant's temperature under his arm (axillary).
Hold the arm firmly down over the thermometer until it beeps.
If the result doesn't seem correct, take it under the other arm.
Taking the temperature in the baby's ear (tympanic) isn't recommended because it is hard to get good readings using this method.
In addition, taking the temperature by feeling across the baby's forehead or using a temporal artery thermometer isn't recommended because this requires using another method to confirm baby's temperature is higher than normal.
Normal newborn temperature is around 97.8 to 98.8 F (axillary).
If your baby is warmer than this, think about whether or not he is overdressed, adjust the clothing, and recheck the temperature within 30-45 minutes.
If your baby continues to have a temperature of 100.0 F or higher on two separate readings, he has a fever and you need to call the Consulting Nurse Service.
Warning Signs During the First Two Weeks
Call your health care provider if you have any concerns about your baby or if your baby has any of these signs:
Baby is feeding less than eight times per day.
Baby does not have enough wet or dirty diapers according to the number of days old.
(See the diaper chart in Feeding Your Baby .
)Baby seems to struggle to breathe, makes grunting noises or flares her nostrils when breathing, or takes more than 60 breaths per minute.
Baby's sleeping periods last more than 5 hours after the first day of life.
Baby's skin color is bluish around the mouth, or skin color turns yellow.
Baby is shaking or irritable and cannot be comforted, or is sleepy and difficult to wake.
Baby's temperature is below 97.5° F or above 100.0° F in two separate readings taken 30 minutes apart after adjusting clothing and room temperature.
Baby is vomiting forcefully and it projects several inches away from the baby.
Don't confuse this with normal spitting up that happens when some milk dribbles out with burping.
Umbilical cord has foul smelling drainage or pus around it.
You may notice a pinkish or rust colored stain in your baby's diaper.
This is normal for the first 3 to 4 days.
It is caused by uric acid crystals that occur when the baby's urine is concentrated and indicates that it is important to feed your baby as often as possible.
You do not need to call your provider for this.
Clinical review by Ruth Reed, BSN Kaiser Permanente Reviewed 03/01/2014

</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>D878872</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
http://www.holiday-weather.com/valletta/averages/may/
.
Home > Europe > Malta > Valletta
Averages
Map
Temperature19 °C66 °FHigh Temperature23 °C73 °FLow Temperature15 °C59 °FChance Of Sunny Day100%Rainfall10mm
Rainfall days6days
Sea Temperature29 °C84 °FMay
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
January
February
March
April
May Averages
Sort by:
Alphabetical
Hottest
Most Popular
View by:°C°FChicago 59 °FLos Angeles 63 °FNew York 61 °FSan Francisco 55 °FWashington 66 °FLondon 62 °FRome 69 °FParis 59 °FBarcelona 60 °FBanff 48 °FSantorini 68 °FCancun 81 °FOrlando 77 °FSydney 61 °FAmsterdam 54 °FDubrovnik 64 °FLisbon 64 °FPunta cana 81 °FPrague 55 °FAthens 69 °FMadrid 59 °FOslo 53 °FMontego Bay 80 °FEdinburgh 50 °FCopenhagen 53 °FLas Vegas 77 °FFlorence 64 °FNice 62 °FMarrakesh 69 °FBerlin 57 °FHolidays in Valletta
Hotels in Valletta
Flights to Valletta
Weather Widgets
Valletta 61 °F  ( 16 °C)Weather Now
Valletta 14 DAY FORECASTValletta Holiday Reviews
Valletta Annual Averages
Valletta News
MSC Cruises offers guests a balcony boost
Read more
We wish you a Merry Cruise-mas�Read more

</TEXT>
</DOC>
<DOC>
<DOCNO>D2567339</DOCNO>
<TEXT>
http://www.slb.com/services/well_intervention/coiled_tubing.aspx
Coiled Tubing
Coiled Tubing
Overview Library
Improve your well and reservoir performance with CT intervention tools and services
The Schlumberger innovative intervention services conveyed on coiled tubing (CT) are designed to improve your well and reservoir performance.
CT applications include matrix and fracture stimulation, wellbore cleanout, logging, perforating, nitrogen kickoff, sand control, drilling, cementing, well circulation, and mechanical isolation.
Our product portfolio includes all the tools and services you need for efficient and effective CT interventions.
Related videos
CTDirect Coiled Tubing Directional Drilling System
Pressure Deployment CT System
Coil
Scan Engineered Pipe Management Service
ACTive Matrix Service
ACTive Straddle CT Real-Time Multiset Inflatable Packer
ACTive Opti
FIRE System
ACTive PS CT Real-Time Production Logging Service
ACTive Real-Time Downhole Coiled Tubing Services
Improve CT intervention effectiveness with real-time downhole measurements.
Coiled Tubing Surface Equipment
Reduce rig time with advanced CT equipment.
Pressure Deployment CT System | CT EXPRESS Rapid-Deployment Coiled Tubing Unit | CT SEAS Automated Offshore CT Unit | CT TComp CT Offshore Motion Compensation System | X-11 Modular Offshore CT Unit
Data Acquisition and Software
Improve operational efficiency, better manage risk, and plan smarter wells by using accumulated drilling knowledge.
Coil
CAT Coiled Tubing Computer-Aided Treatment | Coil
Scan Engineered Pipe Management Service
CT Plus Coiled Tubing Bits
Available in a range of sizes in both PDC and roller cone configurations, CT Plus coiled tubing bits help reduce milling time and dr^C Company
Reach deeper, and mill and drill quickly and efficiently with high-specification coiled tubing units.
Related services and productsimpa
CT Integrated Wellbore Preparation Service
CT MAGNOSTAR Coiled Tubing Magnet
Request More Information

</TEXT>
</DOC>